Prompt 1
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Mary is in the

Prediction 1: kitchen
Answer 1: bathroom

Prompt 2
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. Daniel is in the

Prediction 2: kitchen
Answer 2: hallway

Prompt 3
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Daniel is in the

Prediction 3: kitchen
Answer 3: hallway

Prompt 4
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. Daniel is in the

Prediction 4: kitchen
Answer 4: office

Prompt 5
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. John went back to the garden. John moved to the bedroom. Sandra is in the

Prediction 5: kitchen
Answer 5: bathroom

Prompt 6
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. John went back to the garden. John moved to the bedroom. Sandra travelled to the office. Sandra went to the bathroom. Sandra is in the

Prediction 6: kitchen
Answer 6: bathroom

Prompt 7
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. John went back to the garden. John moved to the bedroom. Sandra travelled to the office. Sandra went to the bathroom. Mary went to the bedroom. Daniel moved to the hallway. Sandra is in the

Prediction 7: kitchen
Answer 7: bathroom

Prompt 8
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. John went back to the garden. John moved to the bedroom. Sandra travelled to the office. Sandra went to the bathroom. Mary went to the bedroom. Daniel moved to the hallway. John went to the garden. John travelled to the office. Sandra is in the

Prediction 8: kitchen
Answer 8: bathroom

Prompt 9
Mary moved to the bathroom. John went to the hallway. Daniel went back to the hallway. Sandra moved to the garden. John moved to the office. Sandra journeyed to the bathroom. Mary moved to the hallway. Daniel travelled to the office. John went back to the garden. John moved to the bedroom. Sandra travelled to the office. Sandra went to the bathroom. Mary went to the bedroom. Daniel moved to the hallway. John went to the garden. John travelled to the office. Daniel journeyed to the bedroom. Daniel travelled to the hallway. John is in the

Prediction 9: kitchen
Answer 9: office

